how are you doing out there the ones
doing all right how good I look
ain't it just a perfect specimen of a
man right here I want to be a motivator
I want to be in your corner what'd you
say your name is fun Dini rhymes with
Houdini yes up that don't rhyme
[Applause]
coming after you you report they don't
want you to fight little Bureau of
Investigation mr. clay you're under
arrest so they will take from you with
no fight in the world can I cannot let
you go then bust you out you'll let me
your name Donald eruptions are sweet
they give a damn if you get killed so
what so what I ain't got to be what
nobody else want me to be and I ain't
afraid to be what I want to be happy
then the cab is here the cab is here
you can go to Alabama you can go to
Sweden everybody knows that I am the
champ all the ladies out there they know
let's tell it like it is we're going
from the darkness to the light you want
to send me to jail fine you go right
ahead
[Music]
that boy even dreamy would mean you
better wake up and apologize you know
mind that you lucky he hold me back man
you like him you hold me back
posed to be the myth of Mohammed was
gold fall bows to be my destruction
[Music]
all right now listen I'm gonna hit your
hands six times will you give the three
you ready go like a sec good aren't you
[Music]